Added construction chapter (#191)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/structs/struct-construction.md

# Construction

> Unlike in C++ or Java, there is no "constructor" in rust for structs, all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike in C++ or Java, there is no "constructor" in Rust for structs, all
```

> Unlike in C++ or Java, there is no "constructor" in Rust for structs, all

Reviewer: I would like to add this content — it's great for the course participants if we can cover constructors.

Please move the file to `methods/constructors.md` instead since constructors are not strictly about structs (they apply to enums too).

Then we just need to fix the small problem pointed out by Andrew and we should be good to go!

Reviewer: I would still like to see us cover this. Perhaps as part of @djmitche reorg in #1073.

Reviewer 2: I think this will be in the methods slide?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think so too.

Reviewer: Yeah, I see it's mentioned on the slide about methods now.

construction is done using struct construction syntax.

> It is convention, however, to either implement the Default trait, or create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is convention, however, to either implement the `Default` trait, or create a
```

> method called "new" that has no receiver (ie a "static" function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method called `new` that has no receiver (i.e., a "static" function).
```

```rust,editable
struct Person {
    name: String,
    age: u8,
}

impl Person {
  pub fn new(name: String, age: u8) -> Person {
    Person {
      name,
      age
    }
  }

  pub fn new_birth(name: String) -> Person {
    Self::new(name, 0)
  }
}

fn main() {
    let peter = Person::new(String::from("Peter"), 23);

    println!("{} is {} years old", peter.name, peter.age);
}
```

<details>

* Mention the `Self` static scope accessor, it allows you to access any method of a struct.

> * In fact, dot method call syntax is just syntactic sugar, you can even access methods with &self receiver parameters by explicitly passing structs in to the first parameter, eg `Person::display(&peter)` if it had such a method `display(&self)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In fact, dot method call syntax is just syntactic sugar, you can even access methods with `&self` receiver parameters by explicitly passing structs in to the first parameter, e.g., `Person::display(&peter)` if it had such a method `display(&self)`.
```
